Codegen overview doc (#657)
avohq/docs: pages/data-design/start-using-inspector.mdx

- Implementation status for the events in your entire tracking plan, so you can see which events are actually implemented and whether they’re sent correctly or not.
- Inspector helps you migrate your tracking plan to Avo. Skip importing things you’re skeptical of. Then leverage Inspector to detect how events and properties are actually tracked, and gradually add them to your tracking plan via Avo branches.

### How does Inspector work

> Inspector API extracts the schemas (aka shapes) of the events you trigger (no PII data,
> only event names, property names, and types of properties) and sends those schemas to
> the Avo servers. To repeat: None of the PII data ever flows through Avo servers; only event schemas.

Reviewer: Removing API here to prevent the misunderstanding of the actual data hitting the API

```suggestion
Inspector API extracts the schemas (aka shapes/metadata) of the events you trigger. Inspector does not process property values or PII data, only event names, property names, and types of properties, and sends those schemas to the Avo servers.

TL;DR: No PII data ever flows through Avo servers; only event schemas.
```

### Install Inspector SDK

> If you’re not using one of the supported CDPs you can send events data with an SDK. It will require one time setup and a new app release and takes 10-30 minutes, depending on the developer’s experience. We recommend asking a developer that is familiar with the existing event tracking setup to help with this setup.

Reviewer: This paragraph indicates that you should use the SDK if available, rather than a CDP.

I'm not sure that's the messaging we want to go for here. I'd suggest flipping it around. If you are using one of our CDPs you should go for that integration, because it's quicker and doesn't require developer buy-in!

Reviewer 2: Wait, the first sentence says: 

> If you’re not using one of the supported CDPs you can send events data with an SDK.

That reads to me that we are indeed pitching the CDPs as the primary path and the SDK as a fallback. Do you not agree @logason?

Not seeing your platform in the list? <Link passHref href="/help/troubleshooting"><a>Contact us</a></Link> if you want to send data from another platform.

### Does Inspector receive PII data?

> No. Inspector does not receive any PII data. Inspector only takes in event names,
> property names, and types of properties.
> 
> Learn more technical details about the <Link passHref href="/implementation/avo-inspector-overview"><a>Avo Inspector here</a></Link>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
No. Inspector API does not receive any PII data. Inspector only takes schema metadata, containing event names, property names, and types of properties.

Learn more technical details about the <Link passHref href="/implementation/avo-inspector-overview"><a>Avo Inspector here</a></Link>.
```
